Minor formatting changes to documentation (#36)
Rohde-Schwarz/pytest-fluent: README.md

### Fixtures

> In order to create your own logger, request a fixture as follows:

Reviewer: What about:

```suggestion
In order to create your own logger, request the fixture `get_logger` as follows:
```
